1)  Research and list at least five benefits of cloud computing over traditional on premises infrastructure:
      1. On-premise infrastructure allows us to store data and run services locally.
           Cloud computing must be accessed over the internet, with our data and services saved on the service provider's servers.
      2. On-premise systems can cost more than cloud computing since they require physical installation of hardware and maintenance.
           Cloud computing has only a subscription cost, which varies according to the business’s requirements.
      3. On-premise systems take time to install the hardware.
           Cloud computing is easy to deploy and can be set up within hours.
      4. Initial capital investment for an on-premise system is quite high.
           Cloud computing is much cheaper and entails paying for a subscription.
      5. On-premise systems require continual maintenance.
           In cloud computing the need for physical space, huge capital investments, and technical expertise is eliminated.


2)  Describe the CapEx and OpEx models of financing IT infrastructure, providing examples of when each model might be preferred:
      CapEx: 
      It corresponds to the costs incurred for the purchase of infrastructure, such as hardware (e.g. servers) and equipment, that generally have a lifespan of two to 10 years, 
      depending on the depreciation value. With a CapEx budget item, the business incurs the expense in the present and expects to generate profit in the future.
      A few IT expenses that are included in CapEx are:
      1. Long-term value creation.
      2. Strategic growth and competitiveness.
      3. Asset ownership and appreciation.
      4. Tax benefits and financial optimization.

      OpEx:
      It refers to the day-to-day operational expenses that support the business. These typically include general and administrative expenses, employee wages, research and development, 
      cost of goods sold (COGS), maintenance, repair costs, leases, etc. Unlike CapEx, OpEx has no or low upfront costs and allows companies to spread their expenses over a period of time.
      OpEx includes IT costs for:
      1. Cloud computing subscriptions (e.g., IaaS, SaaS or PaaS)
      2. Equipment leases
      3. Software maintenance (e.g., associated with a perpetual license) – typically annual costs
      4. Software subscriptions
      5. Utilities, telecom and internet services
      6. Operational efficiency and flexibility
      7. Agility and scalability
